A WIP terminal- or command line-based script for mimicking the style and vocabulary of a given text.

Usage (will probably change):
$   cd ./grammar-pyml
$	python formatter.py ../data/lcw.txt
	(above automatically adds _processed to the output, use --writepath for different output)
$   python general_lm.py lcw_processed --config [one of "small", "medium", "large", or "custom"]
	(provide as an argument the basename of above writepath without the extension)
    ...
$   python generator.py lcw_processed
	OR
$	python generator.py lcw_processed -i [input .txt file to use as a seed] -n [number of words to generate]


Example Output:
1. Word model trained on a 2.6mb file of H.P. Lovecraft's collected works with the medium config:
	    When I...men ceased - all the better at least two persons been able to 
secure a menace, and I could not help beginning to share with the nameless 
monstrosity he carried from the incinerator. 
    We were genuinely perplexed at the presence of an old railway station, 
and the general aura of the seventeenth century which clung round both 
penmanship and style despite the writer 's survival into the eighteenth  
century, and Sherman, the cache operator, seconded his sentiments. 
    But as I looked, I perceived that this was no less than an hour - or to 
send out the book which had occurred.  
    The old man was pulling at my sleeve, but I was glad that the barrier to
Krephren 's gateway temple had been found. 
    A moment later I perceived that this was the spot where the blinds were 
shut.  
    He was, I thought, of the hapless prints in the reclaimed section after 
my first set of the physical and subtly blasphemous monstrosity, which made 
me shudder.  
    Collapsing huddles of gambrel roofs formed a jagged and fantastic  
skyline, which we did not wish to refer to which we know of it peer  
daemoniacal hints of truth which is of any standard forces.  
    He had, it developed, nearly lost the house, and I could not help 
beginning to share his apprehensiveness. 
    Zadok now that night in the steeple 's different vision of ivory,  
burning of them all half above, and of the same familiar realm I might not 
be impeded.  
    The tenant adjoining him complained of the icy air from which I had  
wrenched in the great abyss below; sounds of a nature which had struck the 
door behind me.  
    I was glad to be afraid of them, and I believe I have no faces upon  
them.  
    Can I be sure that I am not even sure of anything definite, but I know 
that the loss of publicity might be a shorter cut across lots. 
    As I have said, I had to shoot that object.  
    I had been scrambling in the attic laboratory at the top, but I could  
not help eyeing the horrors closely quickly determined by death in connexion
with the campaign which my pleas and evidence had been so disturbingly.  
    He was seeking to acquire as fast as possible before arousing anybody. 
    Regaining the hall, I silently turned from the pawnbroker, to be in a  
manner in a language of hideousness unrelieved.  
    That I could repeat with the ice-fetching whilst I obtained the pump 
piston, whilst I had never seen before I could scarcely hear what they say. 
    This time there was no doubt about the nature of the thing;

2.	Word model trained on Kafka's The Metamorphosis and The Trial with the medium config and semi-random output (demonstrating the ability of semi-random output to produce better results using less data):
	At last, K. was by himself....now they would keep his own fresh air like the man and his hopes that had been so important used that.
    When explaining Gregor, he had hardly finished those men before the clock tower day had been knocked on one arm, the room flew on the quarry, wiped it by himself as they went. " It 's the first time I noticed that there are people I 've put these steps now, are n't it ? "
    The painter quietly laughed with his pocket, took the door.
    Gregor 's mother had pulled her out on his chair; the last one day seemed almost sad, but he had held his hat, were behind it with his little legs. of " You 'll come in later on, Mr. K. : examining can the theatre like this.
    It is odd, though.
    But there 's an examining affair as the point in this case, in fact in legal proceedings, is obviously an attack like to be very difficult and very briefly, they 're not making fun but the case has been taken too close together.
    I ca n't get hold of them by your own hands now, then for instance, as I had to go straight away now; I 'll make it clear what I feel the chance as a favour about it.
    This was the maid they gave us to him at the bank; he was glad when you 've already got a chance to pay an end. "
    Mrs. It looked long up for the two gentlemen after he felt his hands over his shoulders and looked at K. with his hands as far, breaking they were struggling once closer.
    To pass those firmly lightly ? him like one, but was it not at half small, dark eyes had followed him with his hands by the door. " When it was not enough by K. to accompany Gregor in this word she would have to go straight back, even though they had been so close about if they had seen the little and just looking at him in his way. " As soon in his own innocence, there 's no point of effort for the two gentlemen who does n't want anything from you.

2.	Character model trained on a 2.6mb file of H.P. Lovecraft's collected works with the custom config:
	They were the searchers as they call it out of the stone and the stars - the strange statues on the stairs and body of stone and the stars and the stars of the stars and the stars of the stars. It was not so much that I was a strange and archaic continent whose strange colours were so strangely considerable to the strange desert of New York to the Street. The strange designs were all sort of strangers, and the strange staircase was so strangely confident that the strange state of the strange colour was a strange and unconscious exploring of the strange colour. The strange colour was a strange and almost fantastic strain of stranger, and the strange staircase was so strangely confident to the strange specimen - the strange designs and of the strange deserted man of the strange colour.

Eventual flow (original idea, may also be subject to change):
    - Create "general" language model using ptb set or similar, with concatenated collected works of the author being mimicked
    - Starting with trained master "general" model, train again exclusively on collected works of author w/high learning rate and potentially momentum-based descent function, idea being to jump from the minimum the model will presumably start out in to one closer to the author's voice
    - Generate sentences from "seed" sentence either typed by user or chosen at random from collected worksK

Huge thanks to adventuresinML for:
    https://github.com/tensorflow/models/blob/master/tutorials/rnn/ptb/reader.py
and the TensorFlow tutorial it's adapted from:
    https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/sequences/recurrent
for the initial push in figuring this out.